If you love life do not waste time, for time is what life is made up of - Bruce Lee
"Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of doing it. The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use." - Earl Nightingale
'Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor’ - Alexis Carrel
The magic you are looking for is in the work you are avoiding.
"A year from now you will wish you had started today."
"We all make choices in life, but in the end our choices make us."  -Andrew Ryan
"Man who waits for roast duck to fly into mouth must wait very, very long time.” -Chinese proverb.
"The circumstances of one’s birth are irrelevant. It is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are."-Mewtwo
"We're all stories, in the end. Just make it a good one, eh?" - The Doctor
"If you are depressed, you live in the past. If you are anxious, you live in the future. But, if you are at peace, you live in the present."
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift... That is why they call it the present.
Get a better mirror, stare a little longer, look a little closer! Because there is something inside you that made you keep trying despite everyone who told you to quit.  -Shane Koyczan
"it cant rain all the time"
"Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habit. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.”  ― Lao Tzu
The pain you feel today is the strength you’ll feel tomorrow
“We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret."- Jim Rohn
We suffer more in imagination [than we do] in reality- Seneca
"What can I do today that will help future David?"
“If not now, then when? If not you then who?”
"If you want it - take it. If it's broken - fix it. If you don't like it - change it. Don't complain about it - do something about it"
“Some people suck. Your success is your greatest revenge”
“Dont give up what you want most for what you want now”
"When your discipline falters, remember what you want."
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." – C.S. Lewis
"If you can't fly, then run. If you can't run, then walk. If you can't walk, then crawl. But whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward." – Martin Luther King Jr.
"Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, ‘I will try again tomorrow.’" – Mary Anne Radmacher
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." – Wayne Gretzky
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear." – George Addair
"Fall seven times, stand up eight." – Japanese Proverb
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." – Confucius
"Be so good they can't ignore you." – Steve Martin
"Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow." – Robert Kiyosaki
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Dream big. Start small. But most of all, start." – Simon Sinek
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." – Jim Rohn
"It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves." – Sir Edmund Hillary
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking." – William Butler Yeats
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." – Albert Einstein
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." – Zig Ziglar
"A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James
"You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated." – Maya Angelou
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." – Arthur Ashe
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." – Chris Grosser
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." – John D. Rockefeller
"Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command." – Napoleon Hill
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." – C.S. Lewis
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." – Henry David Thoreau
"Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying." – Roy T. Bennett
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"Don’t count the days, make the days count." – Muhammad Ali
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." – Dalai Lama
"You get in life what you have the courage to ask for." – Oprah Winfrey
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." – Abraham Lincoln
"Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." – Vincent Van Gogh
"Until we can manage time, we can manage nothing else." – Peter Drucker
"Focus on being productive instead of busy." – Tim Ferriss
"Your mind is for having ideas, not holding them." – David Allen
"Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things." – Peter Drucker
"Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves." – Dale Carnegie
"You don’t need more time in your day. You just need to decide." – Seth Godin
"Lost time is never found again." – Benjamin Franklin
"Small daily improvements over time lead to stunning results." – Robin Sharma
"Never mistake motion for action." – Ernest Hemingway
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." – Mark Twain
"Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before." – Franz Kafka
"It’s not always that we need to do more but rather that we need to focus on less." – Nathan W. Morris
"Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible." – St. Francis of Assisi
"Your ability to discipline yourself to set clear goals and then to work toward them every day will do more to guarantee your success than any other single factor." – Brian Tracy
"You can’t improve what you don’t measure." – Peter Drucker
"Work expands to fill the time available for its completion." – Parkinson’s Law
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"The key is not to prioritize what’s on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities." – Stephen Covey
"Done is better than perfect." – Sheryl Sandberg
When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad. For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps.
When you're feeling lonely, remember your white blood cells are desperately fighting to keep you alive
“Because you might as well be dead. Seriously, if you always put limits on what you can do, physical or anything else, it’ll spread over into the rest of your life. It’ll spread into your work, into your morality, into your entire being. There are no limits. There are plateaus, but you must not stay there, you must go beyond them. If it kills you, it kills you. A man must constantly exceed his level.” - Bruce Lee
You are stronger thank you think
I'm not afraid of big muscles I'm afraid of Mindset - Mike Tyson
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/kkmL9Ii0IHU
Pain is temporary, but suffering will be your teacher - Fire lord ozai
Pain of Discipline is better than Pain of Regret
No pain no gain
Pain is just a memory 
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/WAWCBcMv4DE